CISA_WG_tracker.md, before:

# CISA SBOM Workstream Tracker

This is primarily an index for active Google docs used by the various [CISA SBOM](https://www.cisa.gov/sbom) workstreams (or working groups).

## On-Ramps and Adoption

### Standing documents

[Running notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ssvft4gGjMc_mGabsc-aMETYrfbIzgQ8fnRCY_cKTrA)

### Under development

[SBOM FAQ Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0-vw6A3wKajK9caZgv0kKbKBp0PArDq8KxXdLsEgYQ)

## Tooling and Implementation

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1itBra03riwVIgvrn1xp35DuvCFOJ6T8DJgs_3pSxsCM)

### Under development

[SBOM Terms and Definitions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VzQ4aGgK76IipseP4DNCGk12O_S0E4MvdSqNPO4eXvA)

[SBOM Types](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PsUhUQ_L-lNymD9p613zP0_MiT1Boag68TP3aiwZ4R8)

### Published documents

[Types of Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/types-software-bill-materials-sbom) (April 2023)

## Sharing and Exchanging

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WrHjgh6S_roq6ROzB446ian-bYDiDCJJMOMaGLf6iN8)

### Under development

[SBOM Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17yc4BjHcGgy2ddJWOChiQzyOhAeZtoAKR-dhERWIJyo)

[SBOM Sharing-Related Efforts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CDiWoebr4dQ1KiCsUSSHiVSdLMBBy0s605_Oul5x_5E)

## Cloud and Online Applications

There are three subsidiary cloud working groups:

* SBOM classic
* Cloud stack transparency
* Service transparency

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZpTtsY0H2SwfNRq6qUzLMiWLQ8OwlhmJeg_M0cxrOiQ)

### Under development

[SBOM Cloud Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yog5o2g2j9MG75G62AWDxblNNkYEZ0WJmkbZWbbIhnU)

## Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)

The concept of VEX grew out of SBOM, but VEX is not strictly part of or necessary for SBOM.

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uF29lTr0OJ_QwUfuej1EfhFgDIziEj5U1x_bZ3V_8bQ)

### Under development

[When to issue a VEX](https://docs.google.com/document/d/152d2oRNcd7n8h8BRJpkl8zPEwC35m8x27VjFsYACavw)

### Published documents

[Vulnerability-Exploitability eXchange (VEX) – An Overview](https://ntia.gov/files/ntia/publications/vex_one-page_summary.pdf) (September 2021)

[Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX) – Use Cases](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex-use-case-document-april-2022) (April 2022)

[Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX) - Status Justifications](https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/VEX_Status_Justification_Jun22.pdf) (June 2022)

[Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex) (April 2023)

Commit message:

Add VEX meeting and mailing list info

CISA_WG_tracker.md, after:

# CISA SBOM Workstream Tracker

This is primarily an index for active Google docs used by the various [CISA SBOM](https://www.cisa.gov/sbom) workstreams (or working groups).

## On-Ramps and Adoption

### Standing documents

[Running notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ssvft4gGjMc_mGabsc-aMETYrfbIzgQ8fnRCY_cKTrA)

### Under development

[SBOM FAQ Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W0-vw6A3wKajK9caZgv0kKbKBp0PArDq8KxXdLsEgYQ)

## Tooling and Implementation

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1itBra03riwVIgvrn1xp35DuvCFOJ6T8DJgs_3pSxsCM)

### Under development

[SBOM Terms and Definitions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VzQ4aGgK76IipseP4DNCGk12O_S0E4MvdSqNPO4eXvA)

[SBOM Types](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1PsUhUQ_L-lNymD9p613zP0_MiT1Boag68TP3aiwZ4R8)

### Published documents

[Types of Software Bill of Materials (SBOM)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/types-software-bill-materials-sbom) (April 2023)

## Sharing and Exchanging

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WrHjgh6S_roq6ROzB446ian-bYDiDCJJMOMaGLf6iN8)

### Under development

[SBOM Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17yc4BjHcGgy2ddJWOChiQzyOhAeZtoAKR-dhERWIJyo)

[SBOM Sharing-Related Efforts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CDiWoebr4dQ1KiCsUSSHiVSdLMBBy0s605_Oul5x_5E)

## Cloud and Online Applications

There are three subsidiary cloud working groups:

* SBOM classic
* Cloud stack transparency
* Service transparency

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZpTtsY0H2SwfNRq6qUzLMiWLQ8OwlhmJeg_M0cxrOiQ)

### Under development

[SBOM Cloud Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yog5o2g2j9MG75G62AWDxblNNkYEZ0WJmkbZWbbIhnU)

## Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)

The concept of VEX grew out of SBOM, but VEX is not strictly part of or necessary for SBOM.

### Participation

Weekly meetings on Mondays 1000-1100 EDT. The VEX WG is also piloting a mailing list. To subscribe, send mail to ${group_name}+subscribe@<span>googlegroups.com. You can also subscribe and access the list [on the web]((https://groups.google.com/g/cisa-sbom-vex)) using a Google account. The name of the list is cisa-sbom-vex.

### Standing documents

[Running Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uF29lTr0OJ_QwUfuej1EfhFgDIziEj5U1x_bZ3V_8bQ)

### Under development

[When to issue a VEX](https://docs.google.com/document/d/152d2oRNcd7n8h8BRJpkl8zPEwC35m8x27VjFsYACavw)

### Published documents

[Vulnerability-Exploitability eXchange (VEX) – An Overview](https://ntia.gov/files/ntia/publications/vex_one-page_summary.pdf) (September 2021)

[Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX) – Use Cases](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex-use-case-document-april-2022) (April 2022)

[Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX) - Status Justifications](https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/publications/VEX_Status_Justification_Jun22.pdf) (June 2022)

[Minimum Requirements for Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange (VEX)](https://www.cisa.gov/resources-tools/resources/minimum-requirements-vulnerability-exploitability-exchange-vex) (April 2023)
